#
#  ,=,e
#
border.width: 0

window.client.padding.width: 0
window.client.padding.height: 0
window.handle.width: 0

padding.width: 10
padding.height: 10

window.active.border.color: #b7cdff
window.active.client.color: #1f222f
window.active.title.separator.color: #1f222f
window.inactive.border.color: #666666
window.inactive.client.color: #1f222f
window.inactive.title.separator.color: #1f222f

window.active.label.text.color: #000000
window.inactive.label.text.color: #000000

window.active.title.bg: flat solid
window.active.title.bg.color: #eaeaee
window.active.label.bg: flat solid
window.active.label.bg.color: #eaeaee
window.inactive.title.bg: flat solid
window.inactive.title.bg.color: #c6c6ca
window.inactive.label.bg: flat solid
window.inactive.label.bg.color: #c6c6ca

window.label.text.justify: center



menu.border.width: 8
menu.separator.width: 4
menu.separator.padding.width: 10
menu.separator.padding.height: 4

menu.overlap.x: 0
menu.overlap.y: 0

menu.border.color: #31404d
menu.separator.color: #31404d

menu.title.text.color: #c6c6ca
menu.items.text.color: #c6c6ca
menu.items.disabled.text.color: #c6c6ca
menu.items.active.text.color: #c6c6ca
menu.items.active.disabled.text.color: #c6c6ca

menu.items.bg: flat solid
menu.items.bg.color: #31404d
menu.items.active.bg: flat solid
menu.items.active.bg.color: #4b5863
menu.title.bg: flat solid
menu.title.bg.color: #31404d

menu.title.text.justify: center

osd.border.width: 0

window.active.button.unpressed.bg: Flat solid
window.active.button.unpressed.bg.color: #eaeaee
window.active.button.unpressed.bg.border.color: #fafafa
window.active.button.unpressed.image.color: #31404d

window.active.button.pressed.bg: Flat solid
window.active.button.pressed.bg.color: #eaeaee
window.active.button.pressed.image.color: #31404d

window.active.button.disabled.bg: Flat solid
window.active.button.disabled.bg.color: #eaeaee
window.active.button.disabled.image.color: #31404d

window.inactive.button.unpressed.bg: Flat solid
window.inactive.button.unpressed.bg.color: #c6c6ca
window.inactive.button.unpressed.image.color: #c6c6ca

window.inactive.button.pressed.bg: Flat solid
window.inactive.button.pressed.bg.color: #c6c6ca
window.inactive.button.pressed.image.color: #c6c6ca

window.inactive.button.disabled.bg: Flat solid
window.inactive.button.disabled.bg.color: #c6c6ca
window.inactive.button.disabled.image.color: #c6c6ca
